Honey, Mitchell helped me
pick out the shirt.
You’re gonna love it.
♪♪ [ Piano ]
Ooh, I wish I could
pick you up some lip gloss,
but we’re already
at the car.
Okay, bye, honey.
♪♪ [ Ragtime ]
Getting pretty good, huh?
Yeah, but
you were always good.
I’m just glad
you stuck with it.
Seriously?
What?
- It’s playing itself.
- Well, I didn’t know.
You honestly thought
that I just became
a piano virtuoso, Dad?
You’ve known me my whole life.
Have you ever seen me
take a lesson?
I thought maybe
you were self-taught.
Oh, I’m sorry. You’re right.
Like when I taught myself
to play the clarinet.
Exactly.
I never played the clarinet.
Can we drop it?
Let’s go
get an ice cream.
What about
my lactose intolerance?
Oh, I’m not loving this game.
Oh, this sucks. My teacher
gave me mononucleosis.
As a parent, I feel
I should ask about this.
Slow down. It’s not like
she gets that many tugs
on the line.
It’s for A.P. bio. We have to
write a report about a disease,
and I got the worst one.
This is a joke.
Actually,
it’s pretty serious.
Back in college,
I caught mono
from my roommate Ling.
Served us right for fooling
around.
Never share a flute, kids.
Can you drop me off
at the library?
Sorry.
I’m meeting some friends
at that coffee shop on Lake.
You mean the one
next to the library?
That’s a library?
I thought it was a church
for a religion that didn’t
allow makeup.
When is the washing machine
gonna get fixed?
I’m wearing a swimsuit
underneath my pants.
[ Groans ] Everybody’s gonna
have clean clothes soon.
The repair guy’s supposed
to come today between
10:00 and 2:00.
Oh! Honey, can you
be here for that?
Can I sit around
in an empty house
and wait for someone?
Baby, I’m a Realtor.
I have a license for that.
- You sure you don’t mind?
- Go. Run your errands.
It’ll give me a chance to
get started on these dishes.
Oh, good.
All right.
Come on, Luke.
See you guys later.
Oh. More dishes
than I thought.
That lasagna’s
gonna be a tough one.
Somebody’s gonna need
a scrub brush.
[ Door Closes ]
[ Ringtone, Beeps ]
Hello?
What?
No... way.
June 10, 1988.
Carla Concannon and I
spent the afternoon
frolicking at the public pool.
Later, at her house,
things got private...
while a 45 of Carly Simon’s
"Nobody Does It Better" played.
It was my first time,
her first time...
with me.
I always thought it’d be fun
to own that 45.
When the record store finally
called that morning,
I ran right down so
I wouldn’t miss the repairman.
I had to have it.
It was the chance to relive
those magical three minutes
and 42 seconds,
which was also
the length of the song.
But then it dawned on me.
I was cheating on my wife
with the red-hot memory
of another woman.
I could not let Claire find out.
I had to destroy the evidence.
Luckily,
I’m cool under pressure.
Ow!
[ Groans ]
Ow.
What? No!
When did he–
Come on!
There were a couple of snags,
but I think I covered my tracks
pretty well.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
I’m so sorry it took so long
to get you these clothes.
I left them in the back
of my car and completely
forgot about ’em.
Sounds familiar.
I was in the pharmacy
for three minutes.
You had a cracked window
and a juice box.
Let’s retire that story.
Can I wear this
for the family photo?
Oh, honey, that’s adorable,
but Gloria wants us in jeans
and a black T-shirt,
classic and casual.
Then maybe afterwards,
we can stop by...
and change the scenery
in a high school play.
That is a really cute dress.
Oh, yeah, thank you.
Just got it yesterday.
Really?
It reminds me of something
I gave you six months ago.
[ High-pitched ]
Do you ever put her
in the girls’ hand-me-downs?
Oh, yeah. All the time.
Really?
Because if my girls’ old clothes
aren’t to your taste,
I could always just...
give ’em to somebody else.
Okay, calm down, Claire.
Your voice is getting to that
pitch that disturbs our cat.
[ Claire Clears Throat ]
Hey. Oh, my God.
You will not believe
what Dad just said.
So, we’re at the mall,
right?
Mm-hmm.
And there’s
a piano there.
I sit down behind it.
Come on, Mitchell. He’s just
not wired for compliments.
I’m sure your playing was great.
I don’t play the piano.
I’ve never taken a lesson.
- Are you sure?
- Oh, my God. My own family
doesn’t even know me.
Mitchell, please.
Don’t be so sensitive.
You don’t see me
pitching a fit...
because Cam is
too much of a snob to
use our hand-me-downs.
Sn– I’m sorry.
Snob?
Mm-hmm.
I will have you know I come
from simple farm folk.
There is permanent dirt
underneath these fingernails
from working the soil.
Really? I had no idea
that repotting your orchids
counted as "working the soil."
They’re in soil– You know what?
I don’t want to talk about this.
I don’t need to listen
to this. I’m gonna
go out and get some air.
- I know the feeling.
- Retire it. Seriously.
Does Joe look
a little pale to you?
This whole country
looks pale to me.
I think he needs a little color
for tonight’s photograph.
What do you think
is the minimum age
for spray tanning?
Now that Joe is here
and that his head
is finally normal-shaped,
I decided to take
a new family portrait.
- ¡Hola!
- How did it go at the mall?
Bought a shirt, angered my son.
Another successful outing.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Ooh. I’ve been
wanting to do this.
Quick. What’s the ring
around an angel’s head?
- What?
- Halo!
You did the angel one!
Ordinarily, I’d be delighted,
but this isn’t gonna be
one of our fun chats.
You mean like that time
you called me
when you saw that blimp?
It was so low they waved back.
I’d done a pretty good job
eliminating all traces
of that record,
but there was still
one loose end.
You know earlier today,
when we ran into each other
on the street?
I didn’t see you.
You didn’t see me.
Okay, so you’re saying
whatever either one of us...
might have been doing
will remain forever–
I didn’t see you.
You didn’t see me.
Just to be c– Hello?
[ Line Clicks ]
Jay’s so cool.
He gets it.
I didn’t know what he was
talking about, but I needed him
to keep his trap shut.
You see, lately,
I may have been dabbling
in something that...
strong, virile men like me
aren’t supposed to be
dabbling in.
And it wouldn’t exactly
fit my image if people found out
I was considering entering...
a certain adorable dog...
in a dog show.
Gloria thought I was out
getting my tires rotated.
Actually, I was buying Stella
a decorative show collar.
You know, just in case.
I figure if she looks beautiful,
she’ll feel beautiful.
[ Door Opens ]
Guess who we ran into
at the library.
- How would I know?
I was here the whole time.
- Sanjay Patel.
- He’s got Crohn’s disease.
- No!
I know. So lucky.
He’s totally going to win
that science scholarship.
He should use it to find
a cure for baldness,
’cause that kid is 16
with a comb-over.
[ Chuckles ]
That’s it!
I’m just gonna pick a new topic.
I want a disease
that everyone in the school
is going to talk about.
All right!
Hey!
Hi! Wow!
Why are you standing there?
’Cause I missed you.
I love you so much.
Oh!
Mwah.
Oh, wow.
Love you too.
[ Chuckles ]
How’d it go with
the repair guy?
"The repair guy came,
but I missed him."
[ High-Pitched Voice ]
"Why? What were you doing?"
"Listening to a record."
"What record?"
"It’s not important."
"Phil!"
"The soundtrack to my first
sexual experience that I think
about from time to time.
Honey, where are you going?
Don’t take the kids!"
He didn’t show up.
What?
That is so annoying.
I know.
Put away your groceries.
I’ll call him and reschedule.
No, no, no, no, no.
You are too nice. I am calling.
- I am not resting till
I get to the bottom of this.
- It’s no big deal.
- It’s not the first time I’ve
been stood up by some guy.
- Listen to your words, Phil.
Yep. Yep.
She called me a snob,
Mitchell.
Oh, I’m sorry if I don’t rush to
throw Lily in every bargain-bin
rag Claire tosses our way.
You’re not really shedding
the snob tag with that.
Look, why don’t we just put Lily
in one of Alex’s shirts
for the picture tonight?
- She’ll see right through that.
- No, you’re thinking
of Haley’s shirts.
No, I mean it’ll look like
we’re doing it just because
she brought it up.
Well, I know.
That’s why I’m looking
for a photo of Lily...
in a hand-me-down
to show Claire,
but I can’t seem to find one.
By the way,
I’m barely in any of these.
Mitchell, are you suggesting
what I think you’re suggesting?
Yes! Sometimes I feel like
this family looks right past–
You’re suggesting that
we stage a photograph,
put Lily
in some hand-me-downs,
make it look like
it’s from the past–
Christmas, say–
just to prove Claire wrong?
Simplicity itself.
That’s not remotely
what I’m saying.
Mitchell,
don’t second-guess yourself.
It’s simplicity itself.
Yes. Once again,
I would like to speak
to a supervisor.
Listen, if my husband said
nobody came, nobody came.
- Dad, it’s your move.
- No, I think I should just
play it cool for now.
I’m so sorry.
Score! I got a disease
that’s rare and fun–
narcolepsy.
The company swears that
the driver was here at 10:00.
They’re putting him through
to me right now. I’m gonna
chip away at his story.
Mm-hmm.
Let’s see how
you get out of this.
I’m thinking.
It’s a neurological
condition...
where people
under extreme stress
actually fall asleep.
It’s like a way
for the brain to escape.
I bet he was doing
something he shouldn’t have.
I’m just gonna
let him keep talking
till he makes a mistake.
Everybody makes mistakes.
- And the noose tightens.
- Why were my headphones
in the couch?
Oh, good.
You do keep G.P.S. logs
on all your drivers.
[ Yawns ]
There’s no way out.
Let me just
write down your name.
Hey, does anybody need a receipt
from Flipside Records?
Damn it! I didn’t
even see that!
Wow.
I see you’re registered
for tonight’s show.
First one, huh?
Yeah.
I’m not sure
I’m comfortable...
with that whole
prancing-in-a-circle thing
in front of everybody.
Can someone else
run her through her routine?
It has to be the owner.
I suppose that’s the best.
We have a rapport.
All right.
See you at 5:00.
5:00. Uh, I got
a family thing at 5:00.
Do these things
tend to start on time?
Of course.
It’s not a cat show.
Well, I better speed it along.
Come on.
[ Groans ] I can’t believe
Mom made me take you here.
This is my only black shirt,
and Mom needs me to wash it.
Wow.
It’s only when I see
the less fortunate...
[ Voice Breaking ]
that I realize
how lucky my clothes are.
All the machines are taken.
We’re gonna have to wait.
Oh, I am not spending any more
time in fluorescent lighting
than I have to.
You’re gonna sneak your shirt
in with someone else’s load–
like that guy’s.
[ Whispers ]
Go that way.
I’ll distract him.
Excuse me.
Haley?
Oh, my God.
Kevin.
It’s Keith. You really
don’t remember the guy
you abandoned at Coachella?
[ Scoffs ]
I didn’t abandon you.
I-I texted you.
That deejay put me
in a trance.
Yeah. It’s–
It’s almost like you
were using me for tickets.
[ Scoffs ]
That’s crazy.
Can you get those again, or
was that just, like, a one-time
thing with your uncle?
It was a one-time thing.
Okay, so,
good seeing you.
Yeah.
Remind me
never to date you.
[ Scoffs ] You wish.
Please.
I could totally get you.
Like to see you try.
All right.
Lily, can you
come in here, please?
It’s Christmas already?
Yay!
Ah. Probably
should’ve prepped her.
No, it’s not actually
Christmas. We’re just
gonna take a fun photo.
Which I am going to be in
because I am a member of the–
Where is my stocking?
Oh, relax.
It’s not in the shot.
Neither are you.
Here. I want you
to take the picture
from right over here. This way.
Okay, great. Lily,
I want you to put this on...
and stand in front of the tree,
and we’ll pop a shot off.
Ooh! Look at
all the pretty presents!
Those are just empty boxes.
You’re killing me.
I don’t know which one it is!
I didn’t see him put it in!
[ Gasps ]
Wait. I think I found it.
He’s coming!
What? No!
- What are you doing?
- Uh, I-I saw that
your laundry was done,
and I was gonna fold it for you
to make us even...
for what you thought that I did
that I didn’t do.
Even? I held your popcorn
for eight hours
waiting for you to come back.
I walked
all the parking areas twice,
checked every medical tent.
By the time I got back to
my car, it had been broken into
and the battery was gone.
I had to trade my festival pass
for a ride home
in a horse trailer.
[ Singsong ]
But looks like
someone got a concert T-shirt.
Dad, is there anything
bothering you that
might be causing,
I don’t know,
major psychological stress?
No.
I’ve been acting normally,
haven’t I?
- Did something happen
earlier today?
- Uh, nothing at all.
- Because you seem
a little tense.
- What? No, I don’t!
Stop badgering me!
I love your mom!
Let’s listen to some music.
- ♪ Nobody does it better ♪
- Boy, the way you
cook things up sometimes–
Dad!
[ Screams ]
What?
You fell asleep.
It’s like the fifth time today.
I think it has something to do
with that guy not showing up
to fix the washing machine.
Well, that’s not exactly
what happened.
You snuck out to buy "Nobody
Does It Better" from Flipside
Records, and he showed up?
That’s more exactly
what happened.
How do you know all this?
I’ve been watching you all day.
I think the guilt from that has
been causing you to fall asleep.
- So you know about Carla?
- I do now.
Dad!
[ Screams ]
What is happening?
I was skeptical about
the jeans and T-shirt,
but I like it.
Any chance the photographer
could fire off
a couple solo shots?
[ Gasps ]
Look at the bottom
of Joe’s face.
What happened?
Did you leave him
in the sun?
No, I took him out for
five minutes to give him
a little color.
I must have not closed the visor
all the way down.
Why is it
so important to you
that he has color?
Because we’re sending
this picture to our family
in Colombia,
and I have a son that
doesn’t even look Colombian.
Now they’re gonna look at this
picture, and they’re gonna think
that I am a terrible mother,
that I can’t even
take care of my own child.
I think your reputation
is set. I can still do this
with my arm...
’cause I slept in a sink
till I was three.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Phil ]
Halo!
People are here.
I’ll deal with Joe.
Okay.
Come on, buddy.
Oh. Come on.
Hola.
Claire is on her way.
Dad, you have to confess to Mom.
Clearing your conscience is
the only way to make this stop.
Really?
I hope so,
or else I have to rewrite
the whole end of my paper.
Just the two of you?
Where’s the rest?
I had hoped
to get this picture thing
wrapped up by 5:00.
They’re all coming separately.
Cam, do me a favor.
Call Mitchell
and light a fire under him.
I’m right here, Dad.
Oh. Good.
I didn’t see you come in.
You opened the door for me.
You thanked me for bringing
a bottle of Chardonnay.
Doesn’t sound like me.
Hey, guys.
We’re here.
Finally!
Let’s do this.
Luke, where’s
your black shirt?
- Right here.
I’ll get changed.
- All right. Shake a leg.
- [ Mitchell ]
Hey, sweetie.
- Hi!
Hey.
Hello.
Hey, Lily, be careful.
Don’t get anything on
that beautiful outfit.
Recognize it?
Look familiar?
Yes, I do, but I hardly think
that putting her in one of
Alex’s hand-me-downs...
proves anything
after I pitched a fit.
First of all, I think
it’s really healthy that
you do admit it was a fit.
But if you need further proof,
I’m sure I could find
a photograph over here.
Sure.
Go ahead.
Mm-hmm.
No me. No me.
No me.
Ah.
There we are.
Christmas morning
last year.
[ Gasps ] Oh, my God.
Oh,
it’s Alex’s old pajamas!
I’m so sorry.
I owe you an apology.
Sometimes I can be really–
[ Chuckles ]
What’s that?
Uh, the calendar
open to December,
the half-eaten cookies
for Santa Claus, the nibbled-on
carrots for reindeer?
I don’t know.
No, that looks like
last month’s Vanity Fair.
Oh, well, you know,
every month’s
"Young Hollywood."
Mmm, and didn’t Lily
just lose that tooth?
It’s still there.
It’s just dirty.
Christmas morning chocolates.
Uh, and I am quite sure that’s
a reflection of Mitchell...
in the clothes
he was wearing
this morning.
Oh, yay,
I finally made it
into a picture.
Just couldn’t change,
could you?
You are a snob.
Okay, you know what?
It hardly takes a snob...
to recognize the clothes
you put your children in
are uninspired at best.
Claire, Cam, enough.
Oh, really?
Everybody in this family
has good taste.
It’s just different.
It’s causing too many fights.
That’s why today I just
put everybody in a simple
T-shirt and jeans outfit.
There’s a new rule from now on.
Nobody gives clothes
to anyone else’s children.
Well, I think that’s
probably for the best.
Okay.
Thank God I don’t have to spend
one more of Joe’s birthdays with
a funny smile on my face.
Thank you, Cam.
He loves it.
Twinsies!
[ Chuckles ]
Yay!
[ Shutter Clicks ]
Okay, everybody,
it’s picture time.
Where’s Luke?
Right here.
Honey, what are you wearing?
Is that a girl’s shirt?
I guess I grabbed the wrong one
from the Laundromat.
If I’m being honest,
I don’t hate the way it fits.
It must be that guy’s
girlfriend’s shirt.
Is it bad that that makes him
more interesting to me?
Yes. Stay away.
Don’t worry about Luke.
We’ll stick him in the back row.
Not everyone can look
their best in the picture.
[ Manny ]
Joe’s ready.
- What did you do to him?
- You want him to look
more Colombian.
What’s more Colombian
than the Colombian flag?
He’s perfect.
Not a banner day
for my male heirs.
Claire, you’re in the back.
Phil, you’re behind Claire.
No rabbit ears.
I don’t want you messing around
behind Claire’s back.
Dad.
[ Jay ]
Cameron, Lily!
Come on in.
It’s picture time.
Honey.
Mm-hmm.
There’s something
I need to tell you.
Mmm.
Um, you know how you can
treasure special moments
in your past...
that in no way diminish
the special moments
in your present?
Yeah, sweetheart.
It’s called
having a memory.
Okay, I wouldn’t mind
a friendlier tone
as I move through this.
What did you do?
Up, up, up, up, ah!
No, that’s the wrong way,
sweetheart.
[ Metal Clatters ]
[ Luke ]
What fell out of Lily’s pocket?
Is that a diamond ring?
Ha. That’ll go great
with your shirt.
It looks real.
It is real.
A small occlusion,
but very good color.
This is Claire’s.
No. Claire’s got hers on.
Yeah.
Ay, Phil, please.
You cannot
tell the difference...
between this beautiful
but small diamond...
and that chunk of glass
that should have made her finger
fall off weeks ago?
[ Clears Throat ]
I feel like I am
getting you in trouble.
- Picture time!
- What’s happening?
Okay, don’t be mad. Um–
I lost my real ring
a few months ago,
and I just realized
it must have fallen in the box
of clothes I gave to Lily.
Why’d you take it off?
Well, I got pulled over,
and I wanted to flirt my way
out of the ticket
by pretending I was single...
and it worked,
and I-I kind of liked it.
And then I felt so guilty about
liking it that I just wanted
to erase the whole thing.
So you lied?
Yes. I lied.
I’m sorry.
Does that make me
a terrible person?
No, no.
Are you kidding me?
No?
We’ve been married for
a long time. Of course we’re
gonna have our little secrets.
The important thing–
Mm-hmm?
is that we know
the difference between
a harmless indulgence–
Mm-hmm.
and a real indescre–
Gloria?
- Left.
- Thank you.
[ Jay ]
Okay, it’s picture time!
Everybody, hurry up.
Get in your positions.
All right?
All right, I think
that everyone is here.
Okay, ready?
And smile!
Are you kidding me?
Oh.
Nobody noticed I wasn’t here.
What does it take
with you people?
[ Grunts ]
Ay, Joe, my baby,
are you okay?
[ Stammering ] Yeah, yeah,
maybe that’s what it takes
for you to pay attention to me.
Throw a temper tantrum
like Joe. I could just...
throw a big...
temper tantrum that–
Or make a mess
of everything and–
[ Cup Clatters ]
I feel like that
was aimed at me.
You want to talk about it?
Or I could just
play some piano.
So I’m in the ballpark.
Look. If it seems sometimes
like we don’t notice you,
maybe that is
because we are focused
on our own stupid problems,
and you’re so steady.
Oh, you mean boring.
No.
Yeah.
Calm.
Because you live your life
the way you want to.
In fact, you inspired me
recently.
How so?
Well–
[ Sighs ]
Fine.
I’ve been going through
this thing lately.
It all started when I noticed
a group of guys in the corner
in the park.
And, uh, honestly, when I first
found out what they were doing,
I thought it was kind of weird,
but I found I kept
thinking about it.
And I thought
I’d give it a whirl.
O-Okay.
Go on.
I think you know where
I’m going with this, but–
One of the older guys
showed me the ropes.
Next thing I know, I’m hanging
out at that park in that corner
every day and loving it.
[ Strained ]
Uh-huh.
But I must have also
got some shame about it,
because it feels good
when I’m doing it, but–
Is that me now?
A guy with a show dog?
There it is! Okay, see,
I-I knew what it wasn’t.
I just wasn’t sure what it was.
In fact, there’s
a show right now, but–
Ah, I’m not gonna go.
No, no.
D– I could tell this
is important to you.
No.
You should go.
I don’t want to sneak out,
and I don’t want people
to know about it.
Dad.
A wise man once told me,
"I don’t get it,
but if that’s who you are,
don’t you dare be
ashamed of it."
I did handle that
kind of well.
Yeah, yeah, well.
And it wasn’t easy.
I just never pictured
my kid a lawyer.
[ Laughs ]
[ Manny ]
It’s scary to let people
see the real you,
even when those people
are your own family.
[ Applause ]
But aren’t they the ones we
should be least worried about?
The ones who will love us
without judging,
who forgive our faults
and celebrate our imperfections,
maybe even encourage us to let
our true selves shine through.
Wait, wait.
Hang on.
Okay.
[ Shutter Clicks ]
- I think you look beautiful.
- I look old.
All my cousins
are going to see this.
Click the button
that makes
my wrinkles go away.
- [ Gasps ]
What happened?
- Nothing.
It’s not nothing.
You’re limping!
Were you trying to do
the Russian dance again?
It was just something stupid
I was trying out,
and I don’t even know why,
since it’s basically impossible.
[ Jay Whispers ]
Gloria. Gloria!
Check it out. Is this not the
cutest thing you’ve ever seen?
She did that
on her first try.
He loves it too.
Oh, sure. Rub it in, Joe.
[ Jay ] Attagirl!
Here she comes this way.
- Now she’s just showing off.
- Both ways.